Delegation documentation (#448)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/shared/net/guides/become-baker.rst

.. code-block:: console

>    $concordium-client baker add <keys-file>.json --sender bakerAccount --stake <amount-to-stake> --open-delegation-for <none> --delegation-transaction-fee-commission <5.0e-2> --delegation-baking-commission <5.0e-2> --delegation-finalization-commission <1.0> --baker-url <baker-url>.json --keys-in <baker-keys-new>.json --keys-out <baker-creds-new>.json

Reviewer: It looks like some of the documentation below needs to be updated -- in particular `<concordium-data-dir>` is no longer referenced in the command. It might also be better to drop the `<>` from the command, because probably people will include them and get funny errors.

Reviewer: Also, maybe use 0.05 instead of 5.0e-2.

When you've placed the file in the appropriate directory, which is what you did you did in the previous command when you specified the output file, start the node again using ``concordium-node``.

> Configure a baker

Reviewer: Note that add baker will require `--open-delegation-for all|none|existing`, `--baker-url URL`, `--delegation-transaction-fee-commission DECIMAL-FRACTION`, `--delegation-baking-commission DECIMAL-FRACTION` and `--delegation-finalization-commission DECIMAL-FRACTION` from after the protocol update.

=================

.. Note::

   Currently delegation is only available on Testnet.

Use ``baker configure`` to configure a baker and open a baker pool. The following is an example of how ``configure baker`` might be used:

.. code-block:: console

   $concordium-client baker configure --sender "acc1" --stake 14001 --open-delegation-for none --delegation-transaction-fee-commission 5.0e-2 --delegation-baking-commission 5.0e-2 --delegation-finalization-commission 1.0 --baker-url baker-url.json --keys-in baker-keys-new.json --keys-out baker-creds-new.json

Configure baker has the following optional arguments:

- ``--sender`` is the name or address of the baker account.

> - ``--capital`` is an amount of CCD that is the intended equity capital of the baker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``--stake`` is an amount of CCD that is the intended equity capital of the baker
```

> - ``--restake`` determines whether earnings are restaked or not. 0 is for ??? and 1 is for ???

Reviewer: Either `--restake` or `-no-restake`.

> - ``--open-delegation`` sets whether the baker's pool is optn for delegators. Options are: for none, open, ???

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``--open-delegation-for`` sets whether the baker's pool is open for delegators. Options are: ``none`` (no delegators will be allowed), ``all`` (any account can delegate), ``existing`` (only existing delegators can delegate).
```

- ``--signatureVerifyKey`` is the public key for verifying signed blocks and finalization messages, with a proof of knowledge of the secret key
- ``--electionVerifyKey`` is the public key for the baker’s verifiable random function, with a proof of knowledge of the secret key

> - ``--aggregationVerifyKey`` is the public key for verifying the baker’s signature in the aggregate signature scheme, with a proof of knowledge of the secret key

Reviewer: These are not options. Instead `--keys-in FILE` can be used to specify a file containing the keys. `--keys-out` can be used to write a baker credential file containing the baker ID (and the supplied keys), for use when starting a baker node.

- ``--baker-url`` is the URL for baker information. The URL should resolve to (JSON-formatted) metadata about the baker.

> 

Reviewer: Commission rates can also be specified with `--delegation-transaction-fee-commission FRACTION`, `--delegation-baking-commission FRACTION`, and `--delegation-finalization-commission FRACTION`.
